.\" The following commands are required for all man pages.
.Dd October 28, 2015
.Dt M2TS2TS 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm m2ts2ts
.Nd convert .m2ts to .ts
.\" This next command is for sections 2 and 3 only.
.\" .Sh LIBRARY
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm m2ts2ts
.Op Fl "err stdout"
.Op Fl "err stderr"
.Op Fl verbose | Fl v
.Op Fl quiet | q
.Op Fl buffer Ar buf_pkts | Fl b Ar buf_pkts
.Ar in_file | Fl stdin
.Ar out_file | Fl stdout
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Converts BDAV MPEG-2 Transport Stream file (M2TS) to an 'ordinary' TS file
.Ss Files
.Bl -tag
.It Ar in_file
is a BDAV MPEG-2 Transport Stream file (M2TS)(but see
.Fl stdin
below).
.It Ar out_file
is an H.222 Transport Stream file (but see
.Fl stdout
below).
.El
.Ss General switches
.Bl -tag
.It Fl "err stdout"
Write error messages to standard output (the default)
.It Fl "err stderr"
Write error messages to standard error (Unix traditional)
.It Fl v , Fl verbose
Output extra information
.It Fl q , Fl quiet
Only output error messages
.It Fl stdin
Input from standard input instead of a file
.It Fl stdout
Output to standard output instead of a file. Forces
.Fl quiet No and Fl "err stderr" .
.It Fl b Ar buf_pkts , Fl buffer Ar buf_pkts
Number of TS packets to buffer for reordering
.Bq default = 4
.El
.\" The following cnds should be uncommented and
.\" used where appropriate.
.\" .Sh IMPLEMENTATION NOTES
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 function
.\" return values only.
.\" .Sh RETURN VALUES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 only.
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT
.\" .Sh FILES
.\" .Sh EXAMPLES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7, 8 and 9 only
.\"     (command return values (to shell) and
.\"     fprintf/stderr type diagnostics).
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.\" .Sh COMPATIBILITY
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 error
.\"     and signal handling only.
.\" .Sh ERRORS
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr esdots 1 ,
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.\" .Sh AUTHORS
.\" .Sh BUGS
