.\" The following commands are required for all man pages.
.Dd October 28, 2015
.Dt ps2ts 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm ps2ts
.Nd Extract a program stream from a Transport Stream
.\" This next command is for sections 2 and 3 only.
.\" .Sh LIBRARY
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm ps2ts
.Fl pid Ar pid | Fl video | audio
.Op Fl "err stdout"
.Op Fl "err stderr"
.Op Fl verbose | Fl v
.Op Fl quiet | q
.Op Fl max Ar max_pkts |  Fl m Ar max_pkts
.Op Fl dvd | notdvd | nodvd
.Op Fl vstream Ar vstream_no
.Op Fl astream Ar astream_no
.Op Fl ac3stream Ar ac3stream_no
.Op Fl host Ar host Ns Op : Ns port
.Op Fl vpid Ar vpid_no
.Op Fl apid Ar apid_no
.Op Fl noaudio
.Op Fl pmt Ar pmt_pid_no
.Op Fl prepeat Ar pat_freq
.Op Fl pad Ar pad_pkts
.Op Fl h264 | avc | h262 | mp42 | vtype Ar video_type
.Op Fl dolby Cm dvd | atsc
.Ar in_file | Fl stdin
.Ar out_file | Fl stdout
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Convert an H.222 program stream to H.222 transport stream.
.Pp
This program does not make use of any Program Stream Map packets
in the data (mainly because I have yet to see data with any). This
means that the program has to determine the stream type of the data
based on the first few ES units.
.Pp
This program does not output more than one video and one audio
stream. If the program stream data contains more than one of each,
the first will be used, and the others ignored (with a message
indicating this).
.Pp
It is assumed that the video stream will contain DTS values in its
PES packets at reasonable intervals, which can be used as PCR values
in the transport stream, and thus the video stream's PID can be used
as the PCR PID in the transport stream.
.Ss Files
.Bl -tag
.It Ar in_file
is a file containing the program stream data
(but see -stdin below)
.It Ar out_file
 is a transport stream file
(but see -stdout and -host below)
.El
.Ss input switches
.Bl -tag
.It Fl stdin
take input from <stdin>, instead of a named file
.It Fl dvd
The PS data is from a DVD. This is the default.
This switch has no effect on MPEG-1 PS data.
.It Fl notdvd , nodvd
The PS data is not from a DVD.
The DVD specification stores AC-3 (Dolby), DTS and
other audio in a specialised manner in private_stream_1.
.It Fl vstream Ar vstream_no
Take video from video stream
.Ar vstream_no
(0..7). The default is the first video stream found.
.It Fl astream Ar astream_no
Take audio from audio stream
.Ar astream_no
(0..31). The default is the first audio stream found
(this includes private_stream_1 on non-DVD streams).
.It Fl ac3stream Ar astream_no
Take audio from AC3 substream
.Ar ac3stream_no
(0..7), from private_stream_1. This implies -dvd.
(If audio is being taken from a substream, the user
is assumed to have determined which one is wanted,
e.g., using psreport)
.El
.Ss Output Switches
.Bl -tag
.It Fl "err stdout"
Write error messages to standard output (the default)
.It Fl "err stderr"
Write error messages to standard error (Unix traditional)
.It Fl host Ar host Ns Op : Ns Arport
Writes output (over TCP/IP) to the named <host>,
instead of to a named file. If
.Ar <port>
is not specified, it defaults to 88.
.It Fl vpid Ar vpid_no
.Ar vpid_no is the video PID to use for the data.
Use '-vpid 0x<pid>' to specify a hex value.
Defaults to 0x68.
.It Fl apid Ar apid_no
.Ar apid_no
is the audio PID to use for the data.
Use '-apid 0x<pid>' to specify a hex value.
Defaults to 0x67.
.It Fl noaudio
Don't output the audio data
.It Fl pmt Ar pmt_pid_no
.Ar pmt_pid_no is the PMT PID to use.
Use '-pmt 0x<pid>' to specify a hex value.
Defaults to 0x66
.It Fl prepeat Ar pat_freq
Output the program data (PAT/PMT) after every
.Ar pat_freq
PS packs. Defaults to 100.
.It Fl pad Ar pad_pkts
Pad the start with
.Ar pad_pkts
filler TS packets, to allow
a TS reader to synchronize with the datastream.
Defaults to 8.
.El
.Ss General switches
.Bl -tag
.It Fl v , Fl verbose
Print a 'v' for each video packet and an 'a' for
each audio packet, as it is read
.It Fl q , Fl quiet
Only output error messages
.It Fl max Ar max_pkts , Fl m Ar max_pkts
Maximum number of PS packets to read.
.El
.Ss Stream type
When the TS data is being output, it is flagged to indicate whether
it conforms to H.262, H.264, etc. It is important to get this right, as
it will affect interpretation of the TS data.
.Pp
If input is from a file, then the program will look at the start of
the file to determine if the stream is H.264 or H.262 data. This
process may occasionally come to the wrong conclusion, in which case
the user can override the choice using the following switches.
.Pp
If input is from standard input (via -stdin), then it is not possible
for the program to make its own decision on the input stream type.
Instead, it defaults to H.262, and relies on the user indicating if
this is wrong.
.Bl -tag
.It Fl h264 , avc
Force the program to treat the input as MPEG-4/AVC.
.It Fl h262
Force the program to treat the input as MPEG-2.
.It Fl mp42
Force the program to treat the input as MPEG-4/Part 2.
.It Fl vtype Ar video_type
Force the program to treat the input as video of
stream type <type> (e.g., 0x42 means AVS video). It is
up to the user to specify a valid <type>.
.El
If the audio stream being output is Dolby (AC-3), then the stream type
used to output it differs for DVB (European) and ATSC (USA) data. It
may be specified as follows:
.Bl -tag
.It Fl dolby Cm dvb
Use stream type 0x06 (the default)
.It Fl dolby Cm atsc
Use stream type 0x81
.El
.\" The following cnds should be uncommented and
.\" used where appropriate.
.\" .Sh IMPLEMENTATION NOTES
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 function
.\" return values only.
.\" .Sh RETURN VALUES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 only.
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT
.\" .Sh FILES
.\" .Sh EXAMPLES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7, 8 and 9 only
.\"     (command return values (to shell) and
.\"     fprintf/stderr type diagnostics).
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.\" .Sh COMPATIBILITY
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 error
.\"     and signal handling only.
.\" .Sh ERRORS
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr esdots 1 ,
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.\" .Sh AUTHORS
.\" .Sh BUGS
