.\" The following commands are required for all man pages.
.Dd October 28, 2015
.Dt PSDOTS 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm psdots
.Nd Present the content of an PS as a sequence of characters
.\" This next command is for sections 2 and 3 only.
.\" .Sh LIBRARY
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm psdots
.Op Fl "err stdout"
.Op Fl "err stderr"
.Op Fl verbose | Fl v
.Op Fl max Ar max_pkts |  Fl m Ar max_pkts
.Ar in_file | Fl stdin
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Present the content of a Program Stream file as a sequence of
  characters, representing the packets.
.Ss Files
.Bl -tag
.It Ar in_file
is an H.222 Program Stream file (but see
.Fl stdin Ns )
.El
.Ss Switches
.Bl -tag
.It Fl "err stdout"
Write error messages to standard output (the default)
.It Fl "err stderr"
Write error messages to standard error (Unix traditional)
.It Fl stdin
Input from standard input, instead of a file
.It Fl v , Fl verbose
Output a description of the characters used
.It Fl max Ar max_pkts , Fl m Ar max_pkts
Maximum number of PS packets to read
.El
.\" The following cnds should be uncommented and
.\" used where appropriate.
.\" .Sh IMPLEMENTATION NOTES
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 function
.\" return values only.
.\" .Sh RETURN VALUES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 only.
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT
.\" .Sh FILES
.\" .Sh EXAMPLES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7, 8 and 9 only
.\"     (command return values (to shell) and
.\"     fprintf/stderr type diagnostics).
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.\" .Sh COMPATIBILITY
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 error
.\"     and signal handling only.
.\" .Sh ERRORS
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr esdots 1 ,
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.\" .Sh AUTHORS
.\" .Sh BUGS
