.\" The following commands are required for all man pages.
.Dd October 28, 2015
.Dt PSREPORT 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm psreport
.Nd Report on the contents of a PS
.\" This next command is for sections 2 and 3 only.
.\" .Sh LIBRARY
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm psreport
.Op Fl "err stdout"
.Op Fl "err stderr"
.Op Fl verbose | Fl v
.Op Fl max Ar max_pkts | Fl m Ar max_pkts
.Op Fl dvd | notdvd | nodvd
.Ar in_file | Fl stdin
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Report on the packets in a Program Stream.
.Ss Files
.Bl -tag
.It Ar in_file
is an H.222 Program Stream file (but see
.Fl stdin
below)
.El
.Ss Switches
.Bl -tag
.It Fl "err stdout"
Write error messages to standard output (the default)
.It Fl "err stderr"
Write error messages to standard error (Unix traditional)
.It Fl stdin
Input from standard input, instead of a file
.It Fl v , Fl verbose
Output packet data as well
.It Fl stdin
Take input from <stdin>, instead of a named file
.It Fl max Ar max_pkts , Fl m Ar max_pkts
Maximum number of PS packets to read
.It Fl dvd
The PS data is from a DVD. This is the default.
This switch has no effect on MPEG-1 PS data.
.It Fl notdvd , nodvd
The PS data is not from a DVD.
The DVD specification stores AC-3 (Dolby), DTS and
other audio in a specialised manner in private_stream_1.
.El
.\" The following cnds should be uncommented and
.\" used where appropriate.
.\" .Sh IMPLEMENTATION NOTES
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 function
.\" return values only.
.\" .Sh RETURN VALUES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 only.
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT
.\" .Sh FILES
.\" .Sh EXAMPLES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7, 8 and 9 only
.\"     (command return values (to shell) and
.\"     fprintf/stderr type diagnostics).
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.\" .Sh COMPATIBILITY
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 error
.\"     and signal handling only.
.\" .Sh ERRORS
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr esdots 1 ,
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.\" .Sh AUTHORS
.\" .Sh BUGS
