.\" The following commands are required for all man pages.
.Dd October 28, 2015
.Dt TS_PACKET_INSERT 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm ts_packet_insert
.Nd Insert TS packets into a Transport Stream
.\" This next command is for sections 2 and 3 only.
.\" .Sh LIBRARY
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm ts_packet_insert
.Op Fl "err stdout"
.Op Fl "err stderr"
.Op Fl p Ar positions
.Op Fl pid Ar pid_no
.Op Fl s string
.Op Fl o Ar out_file
.Ar in_file
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Insert TS packets into a Transport Stream at positions
specified by the user.
.Ss Input
.Bl -tag
.It Ar in_file
An H.222 Transport Stream file.
.El
.Ss Switches
.Bl -tag
.It Fl "err stdout"
Write error messages to standard output (the default)
.It Fl "err stderr"
Write error messages to standard error (Unix traditional)
.It Fl p Ar positions
This a a colon (':') delimited string of numbers
between 0 and 1, representing how far through to put
each TS packet.  E.g., -p 0.1:0.4:0.7:0.9 will insert
4 packets at 10%, 40%, 70% and 90% through the file.
.It Fl pid Ar pid_no
The inserted packets will have the PID specfied.
.Bq default = 0x68
.It Fl s Ar string
The inserted packets will contain
.Ar string
as their payload.
.Bq default = 'Inserted packet'
.It Fl o Ar out_file
The new TS file will be written out with the given name
.Bq default = out.ts
.El
.\" The following cnds should be uncommented and
.\" used where appropriate.
.\" .Sh IMPLEMENTATION NOTES
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 function
.\" return values only.
.\" .Sh RETURN VALUES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 only.
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT
.\" .Sh FILES
.Sh EXAMPLES
ts_packet_insert -p 0.3:0.6 -o out.ts -pid 89 -s "AD=start" in.ts
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7, 8 and 9 only
.\"     (command return values (to shell) and
.\"     fprintf/stderr type diagnostics).
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.\" .Sh COMPATIBILITY
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 error
.\"     and signal handling only.
.\" .Sh ERRORS
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr esdots 1 ,
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.\" .Sh AUTHORS
.\" .Sh BUGS
