.\" The following commands are required for all man pages.
.Dd October 28, 2015
.Dt TSDVBSUB 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm tsdvbsub
.Nd Dump DVB subtitling from a stream
.\" This next command is for sections 2 and 3 only.
.\" .Sh LIBRARY
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm tsdvbsub
.Op Fl "err stdout"
.Op Fl "err stderr"
.Op Fl verbose | Fl v
.Op Fl quiet | q
.Op Fl max Ar max_pkts |  Fl m Ar max_pkts
.Op Fl pid Ar pid_no
.Op Fl prog Ar prog_no
.Ar in_file | Fl stdin
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Parse & dump the contents of a single DVB subtitling stream from a
Transport Stream (or Program Stream).
.Ss Files
.Bl -tag
.It Ar in_file
is an H.222 Transport Stream file (but see
.Fl stdin
and
.Fl pes
below).
.El
.Ss Stream to extract
.Bl -tag
.It Fl pid Ar pid_no
Output data for the stream with the given
.Ar pid_no .
Use -pid 0x<pid> to specify a hex value
.Bq default = the stream will be located from the PMT info
.It Fl prog Ar prog_no
Program number
.Bq default = 1
.El
.Ss general switches
.Bl -tag
.It Fl "err stdout"
Write error messages to standard output (the default)
.It Fl "err stderr"
Write error messages to standard error (Unix traditional)
.It Fl v , Fl verbose
Output informational/diagnostic messages
.It Fl q , Fl quiet
Only output error messages
.It Fl stdin
Input from standard input, instead of a file
.It Fl m Ar max_pkts , Fl max Ar max_pkts
Maximum number of TS packets to read
.El
.\" The following cnds should be uncommented and
.\" used where appropriate.
.\" .Sh IMPLEMENTATION NOTES
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 function
.\" return values only.
.\" .Sh RETURN VALUES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 only.
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT
.\" .Sh FILES
.\" .Sh EXAMPLES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7, 8 and 9 only
.\"     (command return values (to shell) and
.\"     fprintf/stderr type diagnostics).
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.\" .Sh COMPATIBILITY
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 error
.\"     and signal handling only.
.\" .Sh ERRORS
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr esdots 1 ,
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.\" .Sh AUTHORS
.\" .Sh BUGS
