.\" The following commands are required for all man pages.
.Dd October 28, 2015
.Dt TSFILTER 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm tsfilter
.Nd Output a filtered or truncated version of a transport stream
.\" This next command is for sections 2 and 3 only.
.\" .Sh LIBRARY
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm tsfilter
.Op Fl verbose | Fl v
.Op Fl i Ar in_file
.Op Fl o Ar out_file
.Op Fl max Ar max_pkts |  Fl m Ar max_pkts
.Op Fl \&! | Fl invert
.Ar pid_no Oo Ar pid_no Oc No ...
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Filter the given
.Ar pid_no Ns s
out of stdin and write the result on stdout.
.Bl -tag
.It Fl i Ar in_file
Take input from this file and not stdin.
.It Fl o  Ar out_file
Send output to this file and not stdout.
.It Fl v , verbose
Be verbose.
.It Fl m Ar max_pkts, Fl max Ar max_pkts
All packets after the nth are regarded as
not matching any pids.
.It Fl \&! , invert
Invert whatever your decision was before
applying it - the output contains only
pids not in the list up to max packets
and all packets in the input from then
on.
.El
.\" The following cnds should be uncommented and
.\" used where appropriate.
.\" .Sh IMPLEMENTATION NOTES
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 function
.\" return values only.
.\" .Sh RETURN VALUES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 only.
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT
.\" .Sh FILES
.\" .Sh EXAMPLES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7, 8 and 9 only
.\"     (command return values (to shell) and
.\"     fprintf/stderr type diagnostics).
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.\" .Sh COMPATIBILITY
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 error
.\"     and signal handling only.
.\" .Sh ERRORS
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr esdots 1 ,
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.\" .Sh AUTHORS
.\" .Sh BUGS
