.\" The following commands are required for all man pages.
.Dd October 28, 2015
.Dt TSINFO 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm tsinfo
.Nd get info about the contents of a transport stream
.\" This next command is for sections 2 and 3 only.
.\" .Sh LIBRARY
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm tsinfo
.Op Fl "err stdout"
.Op Fl "err stderr"
.Op Fl stdin
.Op Fl verbose | Fl v
.Op Fl max Ar max_scan | Fl m Ar max_scan
.Op Fl repeat Ar PMT_count
.Op Ar file
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Report on the program streams in a Transport Stream.  This command just dumps
the initial PAT/PMT pairing.  If you want more info on the program streams
within the transport stream then use
.Xr tsreport 1 .
.Bl -tag
.It Fl "err stdout"
Write error messages to standard output (the default)
.It Fl "err stderr"
Write error messages to standard error (Unix traditional)
.It Fl stdin
Input from standard input, instead of a file
.It Fl v , Fl verbose
Output extra information about packets
.It Fl m Ar max_scan , Fl max Ar max_scan
.Ar max_qscan
is the Number of TS packets to scan. Defaults to 10000.
.It Fl repeat Ar PMT_count
Look for
.Ar PMT_count
PMT packets, and report on each
.It Ar file
The transport stream file to get info on. If
.Fl stdin
is specified then no
.Ar file
is expected
.El
.\" The following commands should be uncommented and
.\" used where appropriate.
.\" .Sh IMPLEMENTATION NOTES
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 function
.\" return values only.
.\" .Sh RETURN VALUES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 only.
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT
.\" .Sh FILES
.\" .Sh EXAMPLES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7, 8 and 9 only
.\"     (command return values (to shell) and
.\"     fprintf/stderr type diagnostics).
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.\" .Sh COMPATIBILITY
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 error
.\"     and signal handling only.
.\" .Sh ERRORS
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr tsreport 1
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.\" .Sh AUTHORS
.\" .Sh BUGS
