.\" The following commands are required for all man pages.
.Dd October 28, 2015
.Dt TSPLAY 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm tsplay
.Nd stream a file
.\" This next command is for sections 2 and 3 only.
.\" .Sh LIBRARY
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm tsplay
.Fl help
.Op Ar subject
.Nm tsplay
.Op Fl details
.Op Fl "err stdout"
.Op Fl "err stderr"
.Op Fl quiet | q
.Op Fl verbose | v
.Op Fl loop
.Op Fl max Ar max_pkts | Fl m Ar max_pkts
.Op Fl mcastif Ar mcast_if | Fl i Ar mcast_if
.Op Fl tcp | udp
.Ar in_file | Fl stdin
.Ar host Ns Oo : Ns Ar port Oc |
.Fl output Ar out_file | Fl o Ar out_file | Fl stdout
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Act as a server which plays the given file (containing Transport
Stream or Program Stream data). The output is always Transport
Stream.
.Ss Input
.Bl -tag
.It Ar in_file
Input is from the named H.222 TS file.
.It Fl stdin
Input is from standard input.
.El
.Ss Output
.Bl -tag
.It Ar host Ns Op : Ns Ar port
Normally, output is to a named host. If
.Ar port
is not specified, it defaults to 88.
Output defaults to UDP.
.It Fl o Ar out_file , Fl output Ar out_file
Output is to file
.Ar out_file .
.It Fl tcp
Output to the host is via TCP.
.It Fl udp
Output to the host is via UDP.
.Bq default
.It Fl stdout
Output is to standard output. Forces
.Fl quiet No and Fl "err stderr" .
.It Fl i Ar mcast_if , Fl mcastif Ar mcast_if
If output is via UDP, and
.Ar host
is a multicast
address, then
.Ar mcast_if
is the IP address of the network interface to use. This may not be supported
on some versions of Windows.
.El
.Ss General Switches
.Bl -tag
.It Fl details
Print out more detailed help information,
including some less common options.
.It Fl "err stdout"
Write error messages to standard output (the default)
.It Fl "err stderr"
Write error messages to standard error (Unix traditional)
.It Fl v , Fl verbose
Output additional diagnostic messages
.It Fl q , Fl quiet
Suppress informational and warning messages
.It Fl help
Summarise the
.Ar subject Ns s
that can be specified
.It Fl help Ar subject
Show help on a particular subject
.It Fl m Ar max_pkts , Fl max Ar max_pkts
Maximum number of TS/PS packets to read.
See -details for more information.
.It Fl loop
Play the input file repeatedly. Can be combined with
.Fl max .
.El
.\" The following cnds should be uncommented and
.\" used where appropriate.
.\" .Sh IMPLEMENTATION NOTES
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 function
.\" return values only.
.\" .Sh RETURN VALUES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 only.
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT
.\" .Sh FILES
.\" .Sh EXAMPLES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7, 8 and 9 only
.\"     (command return values (to shell) and
.\"     fprintf/stderr type diagnostics).
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.\" .Sh COMPATIBILITY
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 error
.\"     and signal handling only.
.\" .Sh ERRORS
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr tsinfo 1 ,
.Xr pcapreport 1
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.\" .Sh AUTHORS
.\" .Sh BUGS
