.\" The following commands are required for all man pages.
.Dd October 28, 2015
.Dt TSREPORT 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm tsreport
.Nd get info about the streams within a transport stream.
.\" This next command is for sections 2 and 3 only.
.\" .Sh LIBRARY
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm tsinfo
.Op Fl "err stdout"
.Op Fl "err stderr"
.Op Fl verbose | Fl v
.Op Fl timing | Fl t
.Op Fl max Ar max_read | Fl m Ar max_read
.Op Fl data
.Ar file | Fl stdin
.Nm tsinfo
.Fl buffering | Fl b
.Op Fl "err stdout"
.Op Fl "err stderr"
.Op Fl verbose | Fl v
.Op Fl quiet | Fl q
.Op Fl max Ar max_read | Fl m Ar max_read
.Op Fl o Ar csv_file Op Fl 32
.Op Fl cnt
.Op Fl prog Ar prog_no
.Op Fl tfmt Ar time_format
.Op Fl tafmt Ar time_format
.Ar file | Fl stdin
.Nm tsinfo
.Fl justpid Ar pid
.Op Fl "err stdout"
.Op Fl "err stderr"
.Op Fl max Ar max_read | Fl m Ar max_read
.Ar file | Fl stdin
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Report on the streams in a Transport Stream.  In general the most
useful inforation is returned by the
.Fl b
option.
.Ss Common options
.Bl -tag
.It Fl "err stdout"
Write error messages to standard output (the default)
.It Fl "err stderr"
Write error messages to standard error (Unix traditional)
.It Fl v , Fl verbose
Output extra information about packets
.It Fl q , Fl quiet
Output less information
.It Fl m Ar max_scan , Fl max Ar max_scan
.Ar max_scan
is the Number of TS packets to scan. Defaults to the entire file.
.It Fl stdin
Input from standard input, instead of a file
.It Ar file
The transport stream file to get info on. If
.Fl stdin
is specified then no
.Ar file
is expected
.El
.Ss Fl b , Fl buffering
Report on the differences between PCR and PTS, and
between PCR and DTS. This is relevant to the size of
buffers needed in the decoder.  Also reports bitrates;
the max bitrate is calculated over 0.5sec
.Bl -tag
.It Fl o Ar csv_file Op Fl 32
Output timing in to a CSV file called
.Ar csv_file .
If
.Fl 32
is used as well then the timing ifo is restricted to the bottom 32 bits
.It Fl cnt Ar pid
Check values of continuity_counter for pid
.Ar pid .
Writes all the values of the counter to a file called
.Pa continuity_counter.txt .
.It Fl prog Ar prog_no
Report on program prog_no
.Bq "default = 1"
(hopefully default will be 'all' in the future)
.It Fl tfmt Ar time_format
Specify format of time differences.
.It Fl tafmt Ar time_format
Specify format of absolute times.
.Pp
.Ar time_format
is one of
.Bl -tag
.It Cm 90
.Bq Default
show as 90KHz timestamps (suffix 't' on the values: e.g., 4362599t).
.It Cm 27
Show as 27MHz timestamps (similar, e.g., 25151:000t).
.It Cm 32
Show as 90KHz timestamps, but only the low 32 bits.
.It Cm ms
Show as milliseconds.
.It Cm hms
Show as hours/minutes/seconds (H:MM:SS.ssss, the H
can be more than one digit if necessary)
.El
.El
.Ss Fl justpid Ar pid
Just show data (file offset, index, adaptation field
and payload) for TS packets with the given PID.
PID 0 is allowed (i.e., the PAT)
.\" The following cnds should be uncommented and
.\" used where appropriate.
.\" .Sh IMPLEMENTATION NOTES
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 function
.\" return values only.
.\" .Sh RETURN VALUES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 only.
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT
.\" .Sh FILES
.\" .Sh EXAMPLES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7, 8 and 9 only
.\"     (command return values (to shell) and
.\"     fprintf/stderr type diagnostics).
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.\" .Sh COMPATIBILITY
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 error
.\"     and signal handling only.
.\" .Sh ERRORS
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr tsinfo 1 ,
.Xr pcapreport 1
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.\" .Sh AUTHORS
.\" .Sh BUGS
