.\" The following commands are required for all man pages.
.Dd October 28, 2015
.Dt TSSERVE 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm tsserve
.Nd get info about the streams within a transport stream
.\" This next command is for sections 2 and 3 only.
.\" .Sh LIBRARY
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm tsserve
.Op Fl details
.Op Fl "err stdout"
.Op Fl "err stderr"
.Op Fl quiet | q
.Op Fl verbose | v
.Op Fl port Ar port_no
.Op Fl noaudio
.Op Fl pad Ar filler_pkts
.Op Fl noseqhdr
.Op Fl prepeat Ar pat_freq
.Op Fl h264 | avc | h262
.Op Fl dolby Cm dvb | atsc
.Op Fl 0
.Ar file0
.Op Fl 1 Ar file1
.Op Fl 2 Ar file2
.Ns ...
.Sh DESCRIPTION
Act as a server which plays the given file (containing Transport
Stream or Program Stream data). The output is always Transport
Stream.
.Ss Input:
.Bl -tag
.It Ar infile
An H.222.0 TS or PS file to serve to the client.
This will be treated as file 0 (see below).
.It Fl 0 Ar file0 No .. Fl 9 Ar file9
Specify files 0 through 9, selectable with command
characters 0 through 9. The lowest numbered file
will be the default for display.
.El
.Ss General Switches:
.Bl -tag
.It Fl details
Print out more detailed help information,
including some less common options.
.It Fl "err stdout"
Write error messages to standard output (the default)
.It Fl "err stderr"
Write error messages to standard error (Unix traditional)
.It Fl v , Fl verbose
Output additional diagnostic messages
.It Fl q , Fl quiet
Suppress informational and warning messages
.It Fl port Ar port_no
Listen for a client on port
.Ar port_no
.Bq default = 88
.It Fl noaudio
Ignore any audio data
.It Fl pad Ar filler_pkts
Pad the start of the output with
.Ar filler_pkts
filler TS packets, to allow the client to synchronize with
the datastream.
.Bq default = 8
.It Fl noseqhdr
Do not output sequence headers for fast forward/reverse
data. Only relevant to H.262 data.
.El
.Ss Program Stream Switches:
.Bl -tag
.It Fl prepeat Ar pat_freq
Output the program data (PAT/PMT) after every
.Ar pat_freq
PS packs.
.Bq default = 100
.It Fl h264 , avc
Force the program to treat the input as MPEG-4/AVC.
.It Fl h262
Force the program to treat the input as MPEG-2.
.El
Both of these affect the stream type of the output data.
.Pp
If the audio stream being output is Dolby (AC-3), then the stream type
used to output it differs for DVB (European) and ATSC (USA) data. It
may be specified as follows:
.Bl -tag
.It Fl dolby Cm dvb
Use stream type 0x06.
.Bq default
.It Fl dolby Cm atsc
Use stream type 0x81
.El
.Pp
For information on using the program in other modes, see
.Fl details.
.\" The following cnds should be uncommented and
.\" used where appropriate.
.\" .Sh IMPLEMENTATION NOTES
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 function
.\" return values only.
.\" .Sh RETURN VALUES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7 and 8 only.
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT
.\" .Sh FILES
.\" .Sh EXAMPLES
.\" This next command is for sections 1, 6, 7, 8 and 9 only
.\"     (command return values (to shell) and
.\"     fprintf/stderr type diagnostics).
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.\" .Sh COMPATIBILITY
.\" This next command is for sections 2, 3 and 9 error
.\"     and signal handling only.
.\" .Sh ERRORS
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr tsinfo 1 ,
.Xr pcapreport 1
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.\" .Sh AUTHORS
.\" .Sh BUGS
